Cuelogic Interview Questions:

1. What is abstraction and how did you use abstraction in your framework.
2. Difference between static and final ? 
3. Can abstract class have static data members ? How why?


Tek Systems interview questions.

1. What is pagefactory and @findBy ? What is the use of these ?
2 why we are creating constructor in PO class and test class ?? How it will communicate ??

3 in the application there is a common operation button  click, logout, navigate.
How will will you use this in the common utility class. Write the code ?

4. If there is a millions of records , which one do you prefer List or set ? Why

5 do we create the test plan in agile. If yes then when do we create ?

6 there is an array 

a[  ] = {1, 3, -2, -1,-3, 2}

Output  should be {1, -1, 2, -2, -3,3}.  

What is approach .

7 . If I say that POM model is a big failure, will you agree with the statement. If yes, then then what are the drawbacks. If no then  what are good things explain ?



HCL interview questions. Telephonic round

1. In a webpage html there is a text box, how will you locate. Will you locate directly and locate the text box.

2. We are clicking on ok button, first click one pop-up got opened, second click one more like wise five pop-up got opened. How will you close the 5th pop up and 3rd pop-up. ??

3. Once the story points are ready, then how will assign the task or do you pick the story points and work accordingly ?

4. When will you run the regression suite.. after the code is deployed in QA ?

Example . If 2 sprint got over. 26 th the code is deployed in the QA 28th is the release date. When you will run the regression. Before 26th or after 26th. 

Do we run the regression suite for sprint 1 or sprint 2 or both. ???

When do we run the regression suite..in the day or night.

If we get 5 test case fails after regression suite runs.. what you will do and how do we handle the failed one.

5 if there are 5 frames in the application. How to switch to the 5th frame.

6 any real time example for low priority and high severity.

7. What are the other reports you have used apart from extend report and testng report ?

8 . What is bug life cycle in JIRA tool. What are the options to report a bug in Jira

9. If there is a base class and class and interface.. where will you override the interface methods.. in base class or normal class ???

10. What is velocity in agile. And if we completed 30 story points in a sprint. Then how do we calculate the velocity of that sprint.

11. If we don't complete the story in a sprint what is the next step I will take ??

Can anyone provide the answer for regression suite



City Bank first round-

2. Do you know OOPs concepts and in framework where and how you have implemented it? 
3. Can we declare a private class? 
4. What is difference between == and equals? 
5. How string is immutable? 
6. Where strings get stored and where reference gets stored? 
7. Can you please explain with the reference of memory location that how string is immutable? 
8. If not want to use String class then what can be used? 
9. Difference between String and StringBuffer. 
10. What collections you have used? Have you used HashMap? 
11. List declaration?
12. Where used Set? 
13. You have an application like flipkart and you want to buy a pen, so you have added that item two times to cart using add to cart button, but in cart only one entry for item should be displayed with quantity as 2, so how you'll test this? 
14. 1 to 100 numbers will be flashed on screen only once and you have to find the missing number. 
15. I have a table and want to store all table data then which collection should be ust and why? 
16. What HashMap will return? 
17. How to achieve inheritance without having interface? 
18. Method overloading and method overriding? Where used in framework? 
19. If I want that my class should not be extended and instance cannot be created by other class then how to declare class? 
20. How to store multiple values in one reference? 
21. In cucumber, in which class you have gluecode, how many classes for gluecode and what was the program line limit for class? 
22. How to find missing implementation in Cucumber? 
23. Used static data or dynamic data, what was the approach? 
24. How  to resolved conflicts while pushing code in Git? 

Harman Interview question 

1) Roles and responsibilities 
2)Explain wyat you done in SQL testing
5)Do you have experience  in unix?
6)Explain different types of deffect management ?
8)Explain How you handle exception 
11)How you convert string "HELLO" into String "hello"


1. What are static variables ?
2. Difference between Abstract class and interface ?
3. In a catch block, 3 exception are mentioned.. 1st is exception e , 2nd is NullPointerException and 3rd is AirthmaticException. While in try block condition is given as Integer divide by zero. Which catch block will execute ?
4. What is hash code and how it is implemented?
5. What is the use of finally block ?
6. Tell me 10 exception you have faced till now ?
7. What will happen if I insert duplicate value in a Hashset and Hashmap ?
8. What are the condition by which one may achieve method overloading?
9. Does Java provide operator overloading ?
10. What is Type saftey and loose coupling?
11. What is coveriant return type?
12. Difference between Collection and Collections?
13. Difference between throw and throws keywords?
14. Why string is immutable? Difference between string, string buffer and string builder?
15. Difference between equals() and == ?
16. What is final keyword ?
17. Write a program to swap two numbers without using third variable?
18. Write a program to print Fibonacci series?
19. Write a program to find duplicate char from a string ?
20. Write a program to reverse a number?
21. Write a program to iterate a array list ?
22. Write a program to find the second highest number from an array ?
23. Write a program to check whether two strings are equal or not ?
24. Write a program to reverse a linkedList ?
25. Write a program print pascal triangle ?
26. Write a program to reverse a string without affecting special characters in that string ?
27. Write a program to check whether given number is palindrome or not ?
28. Write a program to sort an array in ascending or descending order?
29. Write a program to whether a given number is prime or not ?
30. Write a program to find factorial of a given number ?